# Demographics
Gender
[x] Male
[ ] Female

Age
[ ] 18 or younger
[x] 19 - 25
[ ] 26 - 35
[ ] 36 or older

Seventy-six percent of the respondents were male and fifty-nine percent of the
respondents were between nineteen and twenty-five years old.

# Video Game Habits
Devices:
[x] Console
[x] Computer
[ ] Portable
[ ] Smart phones

Frequency:
[ ] Rarely
[x] Daily
[ ] Weekly
[ ] Monthly

Most of the respondents played video games on a combination of computers and
older consoles. Presumably, these older consoles include the Playstation 3 and
the Xbox 360. Most people also played video games at least once a week with
thirty-five percent of all respondents saying that they played video games at
least once a day.

# Internet Participation Level
[x] Discussions
[x] Daily polls/questions

Respondents were almost split when it came to discussing video games on the
internet. Thirty-five percent said they do enjoy discussing video games on the
internet, but forty-one percent said they did not, and an additional twenty-four
percent said they only enjoyed it with their friends. Most respondents also said
that they participate on daily questions/polls sometimes. For most of the
respondents, a reputation/ranking system doesn't matter.

# Reviews
Importance:
[x] Important
[ ] Not Important

Source:
[ ] Professional Reviews
[x] Word of mouth

Most respondents viewed reviews in a favorable light, however, they were also
critical of reviews as well. Negative reviews are received with less criticism.
One important point is that reviews from friends have more weight than
professional reviews.

# Modifying Games
Respondents were split when it came to their interest in modifying video games,
however, the slim majority (twenty-nine percent) had no interest in it. Combined
with those that answered two on a five point scale with five being very
interested, most respondents had little or no interest in modifying video games.

# Consumer Profile
Publishers:
[x] AAA publishers
[ ] Other

Preferred Medium:
[ ] Physical copy
[x] Digital copy

A majority of the respondents prefer video games from AAA publishers (Valve,
Nintendo, etc.), and they also prefer digital copies as opposed to physical
copies--used or new.
